We have a new section. It will be dedicated to pickups, that is, items that our character can
pick up. We'll do two pickups with you: one of them will be an ammo pickup. It will have several
parameters: the number of magazines our player can get if he picks up this pickup, the
type of weapon this magazine belongs to, and also respawn time - the time after which
this pickup will appear on the scene again. The second pickup is a health pickup. Its main parameter is the
number of health units our player will receive. Our lives are resumed on a timer,
so overall this pickup is a bit useless. An educational moment is important for us here
- to see how to handle pickups of various types. Pickup will add
ammo to the launcher. Let's switch weapons and shoot some bullets.
And when we run into the pickup, our arsenal is full. If we run into the damage sphere, we will waste
some life. We select health and the health bar fills up instantly.
If the arsenal and health are completely full, then we will not be able to take pickups.